hi we will believe that we will win
we believe in you Oh God Canada's gonna
win
we're gonna win all right go get it go
we put this together with tennis Canada
we have the ability to organize the BBQ
they have the ability to pay for it
that's fantastic
good to another healthy grace which puts
them in the right cheering energy and
the seedings can be crazy and having to
bring it and we're going to take that
we're going to make sure that they know
that could be a servings are very very
nice so we love you very much thank you
for having us yeah I just so excited to
be part of this large patriotic crowd
we're gonna have lots of fun
sugar here cheering for you go me know
go canada hashtag number one hashtag
cotton silk camp put up for that foot up
Oh